:book: docs Add: Added argocd pull docs (#168)
open-cluster-management-io/ocm: solutions/deploy-argocd-apps-pull/getting-started.md

# Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io) must be installed on your local machine. The Kubernetes version must be >= 1.19, see [kind user guide](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#creating-a-cluster) for more details.

> - 

Reviewer: I think you forgot the clusteradm here? https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/ocm/tree/main/solutions/deploy-argocd-apps#prerequisite

### Steps
1. Setup an OCM Hub cluster and registered an OCM Managed cluster. 
   ```
   curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-cluster-management-io/OCM/main/solutions/setup-dev-environment/local-up.sh | bash
   ```
   
   See [Open Cluster Management Quick Start](https://open-cluster-management.io/getting-started/quick-start/) for more details.

2. Install ArgoCD on the hub cluster and both managed clusters. 
   ```

>    kubectl config use-context kind-hub #repeat for kind-cluster1 and kind-cluster2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for i in "hub" "cluster1" "cluster2"
do
  kubectl config use-context kind-$i
  kubectl create namespace argocd
  kubectl apply -n argocd -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj/argo-cd/stable/manifests/install.yaml
done
```
Maybe try this instead to make it easier for user to copy and paste.

   kubectl create namespace argocd
   kubectl apply -n argocd -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj/argo-cd/stable/manifests/install.yaml
   ```
   See [ArgoCD website](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/) for more details.

> 3. On the Hub cluster, scale down the Application controller:

Reviewer: We don't need to mention this anymore because the feature is now in the latest stable version of ArgoCD.

    ```
    kubectl -n argocd scale statefulset/argocd-application-controller --replicas 0
    ```
    **Note:** This step is not necssary if the ArgoCD instance you are using contains the feature: 
    https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/skip_reconcile/

1. Install the Pull controller:
    ```
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-cluster-management-io/argocd-pull-integration/main/deploy/install.yaml
    ```

1. If your controller starts successfully, you should see:
    ```
    $ kubectl -n open-cluster-management get deploy | grep pull
    argocd-pull-integration-controller-manager   1/1     1            1           106s
    ```

1. On the Hub cluster, create an ArgoCD cluster secret that represents the managed cluster. This step can be automated with [OCM auto import controller](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/multicloud-integrations/).

>     **Note**: replace the `cluster-name` with the registered managed cluster name.

Reviewer: You can write a for loop like the above comment and hardcode the cluster1 and cluster2.

    ```
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Secret
    metadata:
      name: <cluster-name>-secret # cluster1-secret
      namespace: argocd
      labels:
        argocd.argoproj.io/secret-type: cluster
    type: Opaque
    stringData:
      name: <cluster-name> # cluster1
      server: https://<cluster-name>-control-plane:6443 # https://cluster1-control-plane:6443
    EOF
    ```

1. On the Hub cluster, apply the manifests in `example/hub`:
    ```
    kubectl apply -f example/hub
    ```

1. On the managed clusters, apply the manifests in `example/managed`:
    ```

>     kubectl config use-context kind-cluster1 #repeat for kind-cluster2

Reviewer: You can write a for loop like the above comment and hardcode the cluster1 and cluster2.
